h2. Paperclip S3 Storage

This gem will force paperclip to store attachments on S3 if your application is
in production. It's great for "Heroku":http://heroku.com apps.

h2. Important Notes

If you're in fact using "Heroku":http://heroku.com, and you want the
attachments to have custom paths. *PLEASE* do not use *RAILS_ROOT*. Why? Every
time you deploy your app to "Heroku":http://heroku.com, you're changing the
RAILS_ROOT, so all your uploaded files will be lost and your bucket *WILL* be a mess!

A default, Heroku-working path is default.

h2. How to Use

Add the gem to your Gemfile with <pre>gem "paperclip-s3"</pre> and run
<pre>bundle install</pre>.

Then, you'll need to setup some ENV variables. You will need to provide a secret
key, an access key and a bucket.

You can provide an *_s3_credentials_* hash options with *_access_key_id_* and
*_secret_access_key_* instead.

If you are using "Heroku":http://heroku.com, you can use the <pre>config:add</pre> command:

<pre>
  heroku config:add S3_BUCKET=your_bucket_name
  heroku config:add S3_KEY=your_access_key
  heroku config:add S3_SECRET=your_secret_key
</pre>

If you are using *https* as the S3 Protocol, you can also specify it as a Heroku environment variable.

<pre>
  heroku config:add S3_PROTOCOL=https
</pre>

<b>Notice that the S3 protocol will default to http</b>

You can optionally specify which environments will use S3 with the
<pre>S3_ENVIRONMENTS</pre> variable (using a comma-separated list).

<pre>
  ENV['S3_ENVIRONMENTS'] = 'staging,production' # defaults to production only
</pre>

*After you've done this, you can use paperclip normally*. The gem just extends
the methods and changes the options to force the S3 Storage. You can *even* use
the same options (like path, default_style, etc.)

<pre>
  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_attached_file :avatar, default_url: "/images/defaults/photo-missing.jpg"
  end
</pre>

h2. Contribute

Feel free to fork, fix/patch/extend this. Everything is welcome.
